Q1. 
Why must researchers engage responsibly with the public?
A1.
researchers mostly receive funding from public sources.

Q2.
Publishing multiple papers based on the same project could lead to accusations of deliberately exaggerating the significance of your research.
A2.
True

Q3.
Which of the following should be included in the research record? (Select all that apply.)
Thoughts, Confidential Info, Meeting notes, References
A3.
exclude confidential information, select all others.

Q4.
A publication's author list should be decided when:
A4.
First time considering publishing.

Q5.
Which of the following is NOT a reliable source of guidance for the responsible conduct of research/good research practice?
A5.
Commonly accepted practices.

Q6.
Which of the following would an institution do when responding to an allegation of research misconduct? (Select all that apply.)
A6.
exclude "report to funding source before doing anything", select all others.

Q7.
Which of the following statements is true? (Select all that apply.)
(some options related to the conflict of self interests and research interests)
A7.
exclude the term with "always" in it, select all other options.

Q8.
If you suspect a colleague of research misconduct, who at NTU should you report your suspicions to?
A8.
Research integrity officer.

Q9.
Which of these approaches are NOT practical ways of preventing your research being used by others in ways that you didn't anticipate? (Select all that apply.)
Always work with supervisor responsible for you, take precautions before research starts, cautious when disemminating your work, dont publish, change research topic.
A9.
exclude "take precautions before research starts", select all others.

Q10.
Which of these situations would be a form of advocacy?
A10.
Use your research impact to push for changing a policy.

Q11.
This course discusses the rightness and wrongness of certain types of research.
A11.
False.

Q12.
What is considered serious misconduct in research?
A12.
Anything that severely diminish the accuracy of your research and integrity of the research.

Q13.
Which of the following is NOT one of the four principles for responsible conduct outlined in the Singapore Statement on Research Integrity?
A13.
Integrity.

Q14.
Once you have reviewed a manuscript, which of the following may you do?
use the idea in your own work, contact the authors, discuss the paper with others, none of the above.
A14.
none of the given options.

Q15.
Select all valid reasons to NOT share your data:
export control law, protect privacy of human participants, confidential info, IP of other parties.
A15.
Select all options.

Q16.
While performing a literature review, you find a new publication that contradicts your research hypothesis. What should you do?
A16.
Read the paper in detail and figure out why and use it in your own paper.
