Q1.
Which of the following do NOT reflect our current understanding about research behaviour? (Select all that apply.)
(some options about the ratio of researchers involved in questionable research behaviour)
A1.
exclude the term "more than half researchers have done quesitonale research behaviour", select all others.

Q2.
If you notice a mistake in the research record, which of the following describes the best practices?
A2.
Annotate the mistake with the corrected record.

Q3.
What is the difference between using a published sentence from a journal and an online source in your own writing?
A3.
No difference.

Q4.
In which of these disciplines would you find potential for dual use of research?  (Select all that apply.)
(cant remember)
A4. 
Select all options.

Q5.
Which of the following have to be addressed during the planning stage of your research? (Select all that apply.)
A5.
exclude the term "decide which journal to report", select all others.

Q6.
What should you do if you find out that a member of the collaborative research group is sabotaging another's work?
A6.
bring to the attention of the supervisor.

Q7.
Why were the regulations for the protection of human participants of research developed?
A7.
To prevent physical and mental harm on the participants.

Q8.
Which of the following is true of questionable research practices? (Select all that apply.)
A8.
exclude the term "they are included in the most definitions of misconduct", select all others.

Q9.
You are asked to recommend a policy decision on the basis of your research. Which of these should you NOT do? (Select all that apply.)
A9.
Select "over emphasis on your research" and "make clear that your claims are final".

Q10.
Why is it important to plan carefully to gain permissions to do your research? (Select all that apply.)
A10.
select all options.

Q11.
For the purpose of research regulation, "human participant" is defined as a living person about whom a researcher gathers private and identifiable information through intervention or interaction.
A11.
True.

Q12.
Your animal research protocol may only be initiated when:
A12.
A committee appointed by school approves.

Q13.
Which of the following are steps an editor can take to correct an error in a paper they have published?
express concern, erratum, correction, recall of paper, rejection of submission
A13.
exclude "rejection of submission", select all others.

Q14.
Which of the following represents a source of limitation in a research programme? (Select all that apply.)
number of participants, data collection setting, analysis method, (two other options on data)
A14.
exclude the term "analysis method", select all others.

Q15.
If a mentor and mentee were to draw up an agreement to describe their working relationship, which of the following would probably be part of the agreement?
meeting frequency, when to submit paper, (two options about working style)
A15.
Select all.

Q16.
Which of these practices could lead to accusations of misleading others by deliberately under-reporting in your research?
A16.
Omitting the discussion on the negative side of your results.

Q17.
If you were looking for guidance on the responsible conduct of research/good research practice, which of the following would be covered by your institution's regulations? (Select all that apply.)
authorship practicies, IP, human and animal participants regulation, (two other options)
A17.
Exclude the term "authorship practices", select all others.

Q18.
In using others' material, which approach is best?
footnote, reference, quotation, paraphrase, depends.
A18.
It depends.

Q19.
What distinguishes research from other data-gathering activities? (Select all that apply.)
researcher intention, how the data collected, generalization of findings, none of above.
A19.
exclude "none of above", select all others.

Q20.
In which of these types of research communication would you need to be most careful about the informality of the medium?
A20.
Doing social media updates.

Q21.
Your supervisor is asking you to prepare a report on the basis of certain data, but you know that the data has not been checked and is not complete. What should you do? (Select all that apply.)
A21.
Select "find the persion-in-charge to review the data and confirm accuracy" and "if the PIC refuse, speak up as whistleblower".

Q22.
When is it best to enter information into the research record? (Select all that apply.)
A22.
Select the two options with "immediately" in them.

Q23.
If you wish to use a phrase from one of your previous publications in a new article, no citation is required since it is your own work.
A23.
False.

Q24.
You have several sets of results, some of which are statistically significant, and some of which are not. Of the significant ones, the majority do NOT support your hypothesis. Which results should you include in the paper you are planning?
A24.
Include all results, explain thoroghly why some are insignificant and why some do not support your hypothesis.

Q25.
If you don't know the sources of funding for a collaborative project, how should you find out?
A25.
Ask your supervisor as a way of learning.

Q26.
What should you do when submitting a paper to a journal? (Select all that apply.)
A26.
exclude the term "remove important findings from your paper", select all others.

Q27.
What should you NOT do if you received an unfair review of your proposal for a conference presentation? (Select all that apply.)
A27.
Exclude the term "revise your proposal and submit to another conference", select all others.
